Quick Questions

1. Global constants should be placed above the main function in a program.
2. Two reasons why we should not use global variables:
        1. All the other functions can use global variables.
        2. It can be hard to keep track of how and where those variables are being modified.
3. When we have two variables with the same name but in different functions, these said to have different scopes.
4. We call the red dot in the margin as "breakpoint" in PyCharm that pauses the program running when using the debugger.
5. SOME_VALUE is all in capital letters. So, we can assume that it is a constant. Being a constant, it doesn't change
   its value. But adding 1 can make that constant changeable.
6. Single Responsibility Principle (SRP) is the single most important design principle for designing functions.

Logic Exercises

I read correctly.

Reflection

    I can easily overcome until the earlier lessons, such as if condition functions as I learnt generally in advance.
So, the obstacles begun from "for" loops and "while" loops. It took much time to digest lecture lessons and understand
well. However, I always got the concept at the end of the day. Firstly, the common problem that I usually got is the
indentation problems. I knew the solution and I knew that my calculation was correct. But, always, it came to the
indentation. I sat in front of my laptop for an hour or two hours, just watching codes up and down again and again.
Eventually, when I could fix the error, that error is the indentation error. As I said above, the second struggle I
felt most is "for" loops and, especially, "while" loops. Error checking was fine, but to loop again was a bit challenging
for me. I could not make those loops correct and smooth at one time. I was needed to adjust everytime. The last obstacle
is the dog years problem. It took a lot of time for me to get the solution. I wanted to laugh at myself when I got
the solution because it, actually, was easy. To conclude, most of the practical lessons were worked out with the teacher.
The teacher also explained in details. So, all the practical lessons are not that hard. I know the concepts in the
lecture sessions. Besides, once I do the practicals, combined with the teacher's explanation, I surely understand
how things work.